welcome to singing cookin Sanjeev Kapoor
is Khazana my name is Harpal Singh I'm a
popular host I've got some more
beautiful recipes the ones which you
always think that if I could make this
at home now those recipes you can make
it at home if you have this gas oven
tendu I'm making garlic naan and stuff
good job so how do I make it let me make
the dough first for the dough you
require refined flour which is bread
flour or maida as we call it you know so
refined flour baking powder baking soda
and see if this up to this refined flour
I'm going to add some salt and sugar got
some powdered sugar salt and I've got
some yogurt
so yogurt into this most people also add
eggs to nan but I know an is so popular
and there's so many vegetarians that
everybody thinks we should get a
vegetarian recipe hence this one is a
vegetarian recipe so let me make a dough
to this need to add some milk no water
while kneading the dough milk and
because I'm making garlic naan let me
also add some fresh coriander we chop
the fresh coriander and added to the
Nando
chopped coriander milk and let's mix
this up form a nice dough try to avoid
using water because you're making a
vegetarian dough needs to be nice and
soft I am doing a Carnac nan hence I've
added chopped coriander but generally
people don't add chopped coriander for
the garlic not yes you do a so this
dough is now ready
I will ferment it for sometime around 30
minutes cover it with a cloth and keep
it for 30 minutes so as the dough
becomes nice light and fluffy then we'll
make garlic now for the garlic naan you
need to chop some garlic then you have
nice big cloves of garlic and press it
at the back of your knife gets chopped
easily you know so this is one easy way
of chopping garlic y'all love garlic
naan yeah I know my family whenever they
dine outside daughters will definitely
ask for garlic naan and actually if you
see in the Western cuisine also we all
love garlic bread right so garlic man in
India is also very very famous and you
can do it at your home now because
you've got a gas oven Thunder if you
don't have one why don't you call for
one it's such a beautiful piece of
equipment the garlic is now nicely
chopped what I do is take my dough here
which has been resting for around 30
minutes oh look at this smear some oil
in your hand and just take small balls
of the nando Wow
and keep it like this small pieces
because the tandoor can only take small
sizes and it's nice actually kind of to
three bites and the naan is over
beautiful the flavors are actually like
what you would get in a restaurant and
you are doing at home
that's the beauty that's why I love my
gas oven Thunder Wow so this is ready
now put some garlic on it Wow and kind
of roll it beautiful look at this use
both my hands and bowling pins and how
do you do an and so people slap it
nicely and then kind of make it an
oblong shape like how you would do for a
nun Wow look at this baby nartz isn't it
lovely so let me do it for the rest now
I have rolled the nuns and made them
into an oblong shape like this this is
what an on actually should look like and
these are mini achievements my gas oven
Thunder is nice and hot so let me kind
of place this garlic nuns my favorites
actually everybody's favorites so on
this
Wow look at them if you have this piece
of equipment in a house all tandoori
cooking it's so simple now let me color
this and cook it for around two to three
minutes turn it around and then cook it
further for another two minutes you need
to actually also check because the gas
range in your house might have a bigger
burner and the intensity of heat would
be higher you have a glass lid you can
always see food getting cooked that's
important I am Telling You some timing
but you can also note and see here kind
of visually look and see oh if the nonce
are getting puffed can always turn it
little less than three minutes so let it
get cooked for around two to three
minutes then we'll turn it around and
cook it further garlic naan just the way
you get it in restaurants in my condo so
let us check the narns now Wow
they've puffed up Wow look at this this
is some texture which you would get in
hotels
let's turn this around nice and brown
let the garlic also get cooked let me
cover it up
cook it further for two minutes the
other surface will also be nice and
browned and you will get garlic noms the
way you get it in the restaurants only
because of this equipment after about 2
minutes
looks like the garlic naan is absolutely
done Wow look at this color Wow see this
nice and round
crisp garlic glands smear some butter on
Pope the garlic is also nice and brown
here beautiful garlic naan nice and
round
serve it with Indian food of your choice
and enjoy the thundery cooking at home
this is what this Castleton dude
delivers I am in love with it you fall
in love with it if you have one garlic
naan